---
layout: post
title: "FiroDEX beta v0.5.7 released"
summary: "New version available"
tags: [news, dev, community]
author: "AJay"
img: "/blog/assets/firodex-beta-release.png"
---
Hey Firofam! We're excited to announce the release of the new FiroDex beta version 0.5.7! Our team has made updates to be in line with AtomicDEX, which includes several exciting new features. 

## What is FiroDex? 
FiroDex is a decentralized cross-chain exchange built in official partnership with AtomicDEX, which provides a platform for cross-chain swaps and interoperability. With FiroDex, users can trade a wide range of cryptocurrencies and tokens, including those on Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Avalanche, Matic, HECO, Qtum, and any UTXO-based coin, all through atomic swaps. This allows for seamless, trustless, and secure trading across different blockchains, without the need for intermediaries or centralized exchanges. We have seen many of our community members use FiroDEX as a bridge between native FIRO and BEP20 FIRO! 

## New Supported Tokens 
One of the most significant updates in this release is the addition of several UTXO coins, SmartChain coins, BEP-20 tokens, ERC-20 tokens, PLG-20 tokens, FTM-20 tokens, AVX-20 tokens, KRC-20 tokens, and SLP tokens. This means that you'll have access to even more coins and tokens on the platform, making it easier than ever to trade your favorite cryptocurrencies. 

## User Interface and Improvements 
This new release also improvesthe user experience by focusing on search and other primary inputs, streamlining coin listing and delisting by sourcing directly from the coins repository, and providing improved validation and error messages. 

Additionally, there’s been some minor interface layout fixes, UX tweaks, and improvements to code style. German and Spanish translations have also been added to make the platform more accessible to users around the world. 

Download the new FiroDex beta version 0.5.7 (with changelog) here: [https://github.com/firoorg/FiroDEX-Desktop/releases](https://github.com/firoorg/FiroDEX-Desktop/releases)
